Today is mine and Curtin's engagement party.
My son is the newly rich man in Long Xuyen.
Value more than 100 million
He was the moon that day.
And you are a poor delivery person.
You are the mud on the ground.
Never done.
The only person worthy of my son is my wife and children, this whole village.
Sister, why did you become like that?
Co Kha Dinh
When he and his mother went out to pick up trash.
When it's difficult
I'm a salesman to help you get out of trouble.
I will help you open a company and attract customers.
How could you do this to me?
No, he actually dared to smear gold on his face.
You just graduated from high school.
Appearance is often just a poor curse for men.
Do you have any skills to help me get started?
Can't I become the new rich man of Long Xuyen?
Completely relying on my own abilities.
What do you have?
Can you be in this old dragon dynasty that fills the world?
Personal mess
It's all because of me.
The richest daughter of Bang Dien group
In the darkness gives you a way out
Only this meal of yours is not poor.
Also dare to pretend to be prepaid money.
The living room told me.
As soon as he saw this yellow-faced girl, he immediately felt nauseous.
He hasn't done anything in recent years.
How can he compare with a baby?
I took a look at him.
Annoying me to sit one night in a nightmare
Still having fun with the baby
That's what kind of woman this is.
Sticking it upside down is also not what men want.
It turns out that he has been spoiling Curtin for three years now.
I will make you pay.
Who says I don't have a man I want?
Do you want to marry me?
I.
He helped me.
Now being bullied is so pathetic.
Help him.
He and you start from scratch.
One look is a gentle and virtuous woman.
Don't leave such a good woman.
To marry a woman who smells of copper.
You are truly blind.
You and me
Okay, we'll go to the Gree civil office now.
Marry